 A large part of what I'm trying to do with this website is just put bits and bobs that are of interest to me and my partner. I've had a long-standing idea by wanting to do some hardcore data analytics for Magic the Gathering, and also, in the back of my mind, I've been going, well, I want to look through what cards I own and what cards I'd like to own, and find some sort of reasonable way to meld the two, because the idea of going and sitting down and saying, okay, I want to buy a copy of Swords to Plowshare, but there's 30 different versions, that's too much. And to do that with every single card I'm looking at is too much. So I'm going to be able to spend some time sort of breaking it down, keeping track of which Swords Plowshare is doing it like more, which ones do it like less, and then when I'm coming to actually try and purchase, say, a complete Commander deck I've built, I want to just be able to say to the computer, hey, I've got a $50 budget, and then it go and tell me, okay, well, you can't afford this deck, these cards would make it too expensive, and then go, here are some alternatives you might want to consider. Or go, okay, you can afford the deck, it's going to be $40, but if you want to spend the extra $10, you can get these slightly nicer versions of cards that you in particular like more. And this is where the idea of using Bubble Sort came to me. I'm trying to create a sort of large-scale database that I could go and check sort of every copy of Swords Plowshare, and go, okay, how much do I prefer these ones, which ones do I like more, which ones do I like less? Because some of the more expensive ones actually like a lot less than some of the quite cheap ones. Which then in my personal database, those cheap ones would be stored higher than those expensive ones. But you'll find the occasional expensive one, like very old-school full art printing of Essence Capture. No, of Remove Soul, sorry. I quite like. But most of the time, it's not worth spending the money on. So most of the time when I'm putting a get-together deck, I don't want it to be recommended to me. By that occasional time where I'm saying I've got a little bit more room in my budget here, I wanted to go and say, hey, have you considered this one? You don't have it in your collection, and that might be nice. But then when I was working through this, I thought I'll use Pokémon as sort of a toy example, because instead of working with 100,000 Magic cards, I'm just working with 1,000 Pokémon, or even 151, if I want to start with the first gen. And then I can go, okay, well, can I do the same kind of build on that? And that was quite good fun. I've still got to scrape some of the data to make it actually give me a lot of the information I want, but the core functionality is there. I can go and sort out the Pokémon, organize them in the ways that I want. Like, I can sit down and organize them in terms of how much I personally like them, have my partner sit down in terms of how much they personally like them, and now we have two different data sets, which is interesting to me. I want to be able to sit down and go, okay, can we differentiate these? Can we see which ones we both read quite highly? What's sort of the outliers? Which Pokémon do I like a lot more than my partner, and vice versa? Or go and do things like, okay, which Pokémon types do we like more? What's the size of Pokémon we like? And because Pokémon's got quite a lot of clean data, it's sort of easier to have a think about and work with those things, which was sort of why I'm using that as my starter example before I actually move on to doing the much harder example of magic integration. While I was doing this, my partner came to me with a few other little ideas of, oh, can I get this thing? Oh, can I get that thing? And I was like, yes, these are good uses of my times. Which is why there's a few recipe cost calculators, because I am much more numerically minded than my partner. So they need help with figuring out, like, when you're in a store and you've got two things that are random price with random size, random brand, who knows? It's hard to say which one's better value. For me, I just could say, okay, the unit value is this and that, so this one's better. It was always sort of kind of hard for me to explain in a way that made sense to my partner how I was doing that, because I was just sort of doing the numbers quickly. So I put together a little risk, a little cost comparer with easy-to-use interface, which my husband and I interaged over several times, changed that to wife, and I made it more and more friendly to them in particular. So while other people might not find it as useful, the core use for it is that when they're out and about with a shop, they can pull out their phone, go and put the numbers in, and just go, ah, okay, this one is the better one, and I'll buy that. And I look forward to continuing to put things like that. You and I have the jump. Nothing want if you don't. It's hot though. Hey, wait! It's funny. talking about things like the productionong